Hey tell me one thing, is flashing nightly builds everyday will affect my phone's hardware??
I rate this is the best from for redmi not 4sd, kind of similar wit aosp extended , bt better then dat , b3 backup is good bt not dat good , im expecting the developer too mke more battery efficient , cuz b3 is also one of the important things in days to days life.
Adnvce thnx.
I want blurred system ui feature..
Fix the VoLTE disabling bug.
I installed latest RR rom with Ceassium v1.9 together and Volte was not working. So I wondered what was wrong? Was it the rr build or the kernel. So i flashed only rr build And Volte was working fine. Then I install caessium and Volte wasn't working again. Please fix the problem. Everythign is perfect but volte.
Awesome rom, great performance, awesome compatibilty, but, there is one problem, the camera app is kinda weak, I mean, it's not like the snap camera from LineageOS, anyone has a suggestion? or a way to get the snap from LoS to this rom?
hey guys.... i wanna help about this : i wanna put an app (any app ) in a directory that it would make google play store (when i press on download button) install the app from the directory ..not downloading it from the internet !! how can i do this please !!
Hello, i'm innocent user same as you. I just use what the developers told (update firmware, flash purenexus, install bean gapps, magisksu)
this rom is very stable except for few minor bug (sound output)
Hi guys, I already tested this room and so far is working realy smooth, the battery life is good as well...keep going with guys....
Features that i hope to see in this room soon?? The HDR option in the camera app The sound quality to be improved, with v4a i don't get better sound..
Beside that this room is awesome
Which is bbetter in terms of smooth, stability , battery life & bug free? Did any try all?
bro..!! can u plzz develop a nougat rom.. i men cosmic or rr with nkugat
Hey guys. Is it possible to customize boot.img? Because my friend has also grand 2 and his boot.img changes into spongebob logo
Hi, I noticed recently that Lucky patcher doesn't want to patch apps anymore anyone have a solution ?
:)have xposed on android N now?:confused:
We don't know the ETA of next Xposed -- if it's in more than half a year, I'd probably move to Magisk.﻿ We don't have access to the latest source code of Xposed (in development) -- if we have, I (also many people) would probably try to help. ﻿ :(:(
This might be a crazy question but I am contemplating it getting away from using Xposed. I love this app and I love the ability it gives me to tweak TouchWiz and I was wondering how this app is performing the tweaks. Is it done through XML editing? Is it something that a reasonably bright person could do, albeit in an extremely painstaking time I imagine lol? Thanks for any points in the right direction I know this is sort of off topic but I appreciate it thank you
I believe that the corrupter in disguise is the lastest google play service version which some what manage to apprehend xposed installer uses of root permission even though the phone has been rooted. ﻿ ﻿ I have tried many possible way to fix it but still no success such as re-rooting my samsung s5 phone. ﻿ ﻿ The xposed installer log report also says that the firefds files is not exist in the system directory even though upon lurking through file explorer the file does exist!﻿ ﻿ Its affecting other xposed apps such as youtube adway. Same thing happened to XtouchWiz.﻿ ﻿ That evil nasty google play service also without any permission, deleted my beloved fifa14 apps with reason the apps might damaging my device.﻿ ﻿ I tried uninstall google play service but other apps wouldn't function properly. I tried to lower the google play service version to an old one but it later able to update itself and some apps even ask to update the lastest version. At the moment I just disable storage permission in hoping it doesn't delete my fifa14 again.  ﻿ ﻿ Edited - nope. Still ****ing deleted my fifa14 arghh dem you google play service!!﻿ 
Wat about the battery dev , did u increase it  , did u grant our wish ,
magisk 12 install in xperia z5 premium , magisk 13 (beta) no
Happy Birthday Dave
